README.md, before:

# COOKUP

COOKUP is a static website designed to help you improve your cooking skills. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced cook, COOKUP offers a wealth of resources including step-by-step guides, video tutorials, and expert tips to make cooking both easy and enjoyable. Our curated content is aimed at helping you master techniques, discover new recipes, and enhance your culinary repertoire.

At COOKUP, we believe that cooking is a journey best shared. Join our vibrant community to discover diverse recipes, exchange ideas, and gain confidence in the kitchen. With COOKUP, you can turn everyday meals into extraordinary experiences, creating delicious dishes and lasting memories. Explore, learn, and cook with us, and elevate your culinary adventures today!

The link to the website is here - [Cook Up](https://aimanh04.github.io/portfolio-1-project/getconnected.html)

![Cook Up Am i responsive website](readme/feature-screenshots/screenshot.png)

## FEATURES


## TESTING


## TECHNOLOGIES USED


## VALIDATOR TESTING


## UNFIXED BUGS


## DEPLOYMENT


## CREDITS

Commit message:

Fix minor mistake, fix dropdown menu on index.html for smaller screens

README.md, after:

# COOKUP

COOKUP is a static website designed to help you improve your cooking skills. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced cook, COOKUP offers a wealth of resources including step-by-step guides, video tutorials, and expert tips to make cooking both easy and enjoyable. Our curated content is aimed at helping you master techniques, discover new recipes, and enhance your culinary repertoire.

At COOKUP, we believe that cooking is a journey best shared. Join our vibrant community to discover diverse recipes, exchange ideas, and gain confidence in the kitchen. With COOKUP, you can turn everyday meals into extraordinary experiences, creating delicious dishes and lasting memories. Explore, learn, and cook with us, and elevate your culinary adventures today!

The link to the website is here - [Cook Up](https://aimanh04.github.io/portfolio-1-project/getconnected.html)

![Cook Up Am i responsive website](readme/feature-screenshots/screenshot.png)

## FEATURES

### Navigation

- The navbar is featured on all three pages. The navbar is fully responsive and contains of the logo, Home page, Recipes page and Get Connected page and is identical in all three pages for easy navigation to the user.
- The navigation is clear and tells the user the name of the website and makes the pages of the website easy to find.
- On large screen sizes when hovering over the menu items on the navbar the item will appear in a darker color and the text will change to white.
- The page the user is on will show on the navbar by having a underline under the specific page they are in.

![Navigation Bar](readme/feature-screenshots/navbar.png)



## TESTING


## TECHNOLOGIES USED


## VALIDATOR TESTING


## UNFIXED BUGS


## DEPLOYMENT


## CREDITS
